docs: RHIDP-876 Enabling authentication - overview (#81)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/auth/proc-enabling-authentication.adoc

> [id='assembly-enabling-authentication_{context}']

Author: ```suggestion
[id='proc-enabling-authentication_{context}']
```

= Enabling authentication in {product}

Authentication within the {product} facilitates user sign-in, identification, and access to external resources.
It supports multiple authentication providers.

> Usually, set up:

Reviewer: The structure is good, but this text still reads oddly in the guide. "Usually, set up:" is incomplete and does not clearly communicate what we are trying to say or what we are listing in the bullets that follow.

- One provider for sign-in and identification.
- Additional providers for accessing external resources.

The {product} supports the following authentication providers:

Auth0:: `auth0`
Atlassian:: `atlassian`
Microsoft Azure:: `microsoft`
Microsoft Azure Easy Auth:: `azure-easyauth`
Bitbucket:: `bitbucket`
Bitbucket Server:: `bitbucketServer`
Cloudflare Access:: `cfaccess`
GitHub:: `github`
GitLab:: `gitlab`
Google:: `google`
Google IAP:: `gcp-iap`
OIDC:: `oidc`
Okta:: `okta`
OAuth 2 Custom Proxy:: `oauth2Proxy`
OneLogin:: `onelogin`
SAML:: `saml`

.Procedure

For each provider, follow the dedicated procedure to:

> . Set up the required secrets in your provider.

Author: ```suggestion
. Set up in your provider the secrets that {product} requires to communicate with the provider.
```
